c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\MapArt.exe
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\MapArt.pdb
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Analysis.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Compatibility.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Controls.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Data.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Data.Forms.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Extensions.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Modeling.Forms.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Mono.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Positioning.Design.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Positioning.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Positioning.Forms.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Projections.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Serialization.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Symbology.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Topology.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Analysis.pdb
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Analysis.xml
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Compatibility.pdb
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Compatibility.xml
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Controls.pdb
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Data.pdb
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Data.xml
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Data.Forms.pdb
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Data.Forms.xml
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Extensions.pdb
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Extensions.xml
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Modeling.Forms.pdb
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Modeling.Forms.xml
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Mono.pdb
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Mono.xml
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Positioning.pdb
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Positioning.xml
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Positioning.Design.pdb
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Positioning.Design.xml
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Positioning.Forms.pdb
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Positioning.Forms.xml
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Projections.pdb
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Projections.xml
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.pdb
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.xml
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Serialization.pdb
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Serialization.xml
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Symbology.pdb
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Symbology.xml
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.pdb
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.xml
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Topology.pdb
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Topology.xml
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\zh-CN\DotSpatial.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\zh-CN\DotSpatial.Data.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\zh-CN\DotSpatial.Modeling.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\zh-MO\DotSpatial.Modeling.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\cs\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\de\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\el\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\ja-JP\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\lt\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\nl\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\pt\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\ro\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\th\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\vi-VN\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\zh-CN\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\cs\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\en-US\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\zh-CN\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\obj\Debug\MapArt.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\obj\Debug\MapArt.Form1.resources
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\obj\Debug\MapArt.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\obj\Debug\MapArt.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\obj\Debug\MapArt.exe
c:\users\rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\obj\Debug\MapArt.pdb
C:\Users\Rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\obj\Debug\MapArt.Layername.resources
C:\Users\Rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\obj\Debug\MapArt.Line_analyzer.resources
C:\Users\Rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\obj\Debug\MapArt.Projector.resources
C:\Users\Rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\obj\Debug\MapArt.Converter.resources
C:\Users\Rassame\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MapArt\MapArt\obj\Debug\MapArt.Mesure.resources
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\MapArt.exe
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\MapArt.pdb
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Analysis.pdb
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Analysis.xml
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Compatibility.pdb
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Compatibility.xml
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Controls.pdb
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Data.pdb
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Data.xml
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Data.Forms.pdb
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Data.Forms.xml
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Extensions.pdb
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Extensions.xml
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Modeling.Forms.pdb
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Modeling.Forms.xml
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Mono.pdb
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Mono.xml
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Positioning.pdb
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Positioning.xml
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Positioning.Design.pdb
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Positioning.Design.xml
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Positioning.Forms.pdb
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Positioning.Forms.xml
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Projections.pdb
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Projections.xml
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.pdb
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.xml
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Serialization.pdb
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Serialization.xml
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Symbology.pdb
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Symbology.xml
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.pdb
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.xml
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Topology.pdb
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Topology.xml
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\zh-CN\DotSpatial.Controls.resources.dll
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\zh-CN\DotSpatial.Data.Forms.resources.dll
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\zh-CN\DotSpatial.Modeling.Forms.resources.dll
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\zh-MO\DotSpatial.Modeling.Forms.resources.dll
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\cs\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\de\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\el\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\ja-JP\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\lt\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\nl\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\pt\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\ro\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\th\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\vi-VN\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\zh-CN\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\cs\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.resources.dll
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\en-US\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.resources.dll
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\bin\Debug\zh-CN\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.resources.dll
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\obj\Debug\MapArt.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\obj\Debug\MapArt.Converter.resources
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\obj\Debug\MapArt.Form1.resources
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\obj\Debug\MapArt.Layername.resources
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\obj\Debug\MapArt.Line_analyzer.resources
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\obj\Debug\MapArt.Mesure.resources
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\obj\Debug\MapArt.Projector.resources
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\obj\Debug\MapArt.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\obj\Debug\MapArt.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\obj\Debug\MapArt.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\obj\Debug\MapArt.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\obj\Debug\MapArt.exe
D:\code\MapArt\MapArt\obj\Debug\MapArt.pdb
